guess who's in your system I am DJ
waterfall
[Music]
dear old
my first gig was 20 years ago
what was that Jimmy crack his birthday
right
and his 18th birthday and the DJ fucking
suck when I turn around the Jimmy and I
say Jimmy get these fucking guard out of
here here's all the chicks are later and
now one wants to be the fucking 18th
birthday enzyme coaster ride and Jimmy
goes you fucking run and on what I am
burning up these pins who was so bad
when you were these pricks who may catch
fire so I turn a Jimmy ugh ugh Jimmy get
me fucking you've got it so I get these
popular guys right there playing these
clean shit and I start playing these
priests down like loving it that makes
Don King
see Jan woman how can I say in Giannini
good my friend
that's you I see you don't want some man
one
my name's not Toby Chris big DJ fucking
waterhole you people always said it's
all wonderful what are you gonna do and
when the bubble bursts when you can't DJ
anymore I read the future stance on EMI
magic yeah the bank job in Chinese
astrology for the layman
[Music]